Week 1 Lesson 1 & 2 
I have choosen to join the mobile team this semester. For our project, what i know so far is that it will be a kind of mentoring oppurtunity with a group of students from St Hildas. I beleve they are developing a mobile app and our goal is to guide them through the process. Out of the mobile team, there are four of us working on this particular project. I am planning to research vue.js as I believe they will be using this in their project. I have been linked to a video tutorial for creating a basic vue.js app, and so i will follow this through before we meet with the students, which will be this thursday. (30/07)

Week 2 Lesson 1 & 2
I completed the vue app that grayson showed us. Its a weather app that uses an api to get the live weather updates. It took a while to complete, as i've never written anything in vue  before. The code layout was interesting, with everything being in one file. The tutorial was very stylistically focused, and had lots of little css details to really grab the attention of the user. I was really pleased with the outcome, It ended up looking pretty cool. This thursday was the day that we were supposed to meet the "clients", but I had to leave early as I ate something bad that didn't agree with me and I felt pretty sick. I asked Kirsten to fill me in the with details afterwards. We had our first stand up meeting at the start of this week, which was nice just to see where everyone was at. We also made a github repo and set up a kanban board, ready for when we have things that need to be done. 

Week 3 Lesson 1
Over the weekend I looked up some useful github/gitbash resources to send to our clients, as they want to start using git for their project. Kirsten filled me in on the what happened on thrusda. The girls are using firebase in the application for authentication, and then airtable for the database. I researched both of these over the weekend as well. Then during the lesson, I gave kirsten my resources and along with some that resources she found as well, an email was sent off so they can get started using git. I'm going to try out some tutorials on how to set up firebase authentication, and see if I can get something working so i can help them when they come to do that part of their project. We also had a standup meeting with all of team which was good to catch up and see whats going on. Kirsten is going to add the girls to the project repo when they make github accounts, and we have asked them to push their design plan so we can see what they have already got. 
